# ECE-49595O
We decided to create this browser extension because sometimes when you are watching a baseball game on mlb.tv you want to see some sort of advanced statistics, or see the current strikezone, but you are not able to without opening a new window or using another device. Our browser extension is designed to allow the user to still watch the current game and be able to see these things at the same time. The extension currently allows you to see things such as, the current lineup, bench, and bullpen while also being able to click on each of those players names and be able to see advanced statistics about that specific player. There is another tab that displays the current standings per division and a final tab that is a settings tab which allow you to set the location of the flask servers of each api. We created this browser extension because there is nothing else like it out there currently. Similar projects would be things such as apps or websites that display the same things we do, however that eliminates the possibility for being able to do this on one device while still watching the game. For the future, we are working on developing a live strikezone that will be displayed in the middle of the live page. Along with that strikezone we will be displaying the current batter and pitcher which will also be clickable to see advanced statistics. about them. These implementations are on a raodmap that is set to be complete by the end of April. 

## Running the backend:
Follow the instructions in [backend/README.md](backend/README.md)
## Running the extension:
Follow the instructions in [extension/README.md](extension/README.md)
